docs: add Celestia-ContributorGitPOAP sections (#1156)
celestiaorg/celestia-core: CONTRIBUTING.md

you can open a less-formal issue and the maintainers will help you turn it into
an ADR.

> Once your pull requests are merged to one of celestiaorg's GitHub repositories, you will be automatically awared  the right to mint a [Celestia Contributor GitPOAP](https://www.gitpoap.io/gh/celestiaorg/celestia-core). (You can check which repositories here: [Celestia Contributor GitPOAP](https://www.gitpoap.io/gh/celestiaorg/celestia-core))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your pull request is merged to an eligible celestiaorg GitHub repository, you will be rewarded the ability to mint a [GitPOAP](https://www.gitpoap.io). You can check which repositories are eligible at [gitpoap/celestiaorg](https://www.gitpoap.io/gh/celestiaorg)
```

Author: Thanks a lots!Your kind points motivate me so much.

> 

Reviewer: Too many new lines

```suggestion
```

Author: Thanks a lot! Your kind points motivate me so much.
